This is a Japanese doll.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.